docs/README.md, before:

## JavaScript Code Exercises

### Array

- [Reverse an array](src/array/reverse-array/README.md)
- [Rotate an array left](src/array/rotation/array-left-rotation/README.md)
- [Rotate an array right](src/array/rotation/right/README.md)
- [Find unique values from array](src/array/uniq-items/README.md)
- [Find subarray sum equals K](src/array/subarray-sum-equals-k/README.md)
- [Is subarray with sum 0 exists](src/array/subarray-sum-0/README.md)
- [Maximum sum of product of two arrays](src/array/maximum-sum-of-products/README.md)
- [Find the correct position to insert an element in the array](src/array/find-position-to-insert/README.md)
- [Find a pair of integers in unsorted array with a given sum k](src/array/pair-with-given-sum/README.md)
- [Check if an array is palindrome](src/array/is-palindrome/README.md)

### String

- [Count number of sub-string occurrence in a string](src/string/sub-string-occurrence/README.md)
- [Build an algorithm to check if a given string is palindrome or not.](src/string/is-palindrome/README.md)
- [Build an algorithm to reverse a string.](src/string/reverse/README.md)

### Misc

- [Fizz Buzz](src/misc/fizz-buzz/README.md)

Commit message:

feature: string - add finding substring includes

docs/README.md, after:

## JavaScript Code Exercises

### Array

- [Reverse an array](src/array/reverse-array/README.md)
- [Rotate an array left](src/array/rotation/array-left-rotation/README.md)
- [Rotate an array right](src/array/rotation/right/README.md)
- [Find unique values from array](src/array/uniq-items/README.md)
- [Find subarray sum equals K](src/array/subarray-sum-equals-k/README.md)
- [Is subarray with sum 0 exists](src/array/subarray-sum-0/README.md)
- [Maximum sum of product of two arrays](src/array/maximum-sum-of-products/README.md)
- [Find the correct position to insert an element in the array](src/array/find-position-to-insert/README.md)
- [Find a pair of integers in unsorted array with a given sum k](src/array/pair-with-given-sum/README.md)
- [Check if an array is palindrome](src/array/is-palindrome/README.md)

### String

- [Count number of sub-string occurrence in a string](src/string/sub-string-occurrence/README.md)
- [Build an algorithm to check if a given string is palindrome or not.](src/string/is-palindrome/README.md)
- [Build an algorithm to reverse a string.](src/string/reverse/README.md)
- [Build an algorithm to count all the substrings of the given string which has the character k at least once.](src/string/substrings-character-k/README.md)

### Misc

- [Fizz Buzz](src/misc/fizz-buzz/README.md)
